[inhales sharply]
[sighs] Shit. I'm fading.
Yeah. me too.
Maybe put on some music for us.
- [button clicking]
- [radio presenters speaking]
["Lost Highway" playing on radio]
[chuckles]
♪ I'm a rolling stone ♪
- Wait. where's Dad?
- Hmm?
Dad. He was right behind us.
[gasps] Mom! Hannah! Stop! Stop!
[gasps. breathing heavily]
Hey. you have a good nap?
I... didn't mean to doze off. Sorry.
It's okay. You needed it. Want a chip?
No. thanks.
Are we late?
No. no.
Dad took the fast lane a while back.
He's gonna catch Grady and they'll...
they'll wait for us.
You used the new burners. right?
Look. I-I'm sorry I called Shep.
Oh. don't be. You didn't know.
Yeah.
Course. if I'd known
you were that into Shep...
- [scoffs] I'm not that into Shep.
- I mean. we've been gone. what?
Three days? I'm just saying...
Well. you can stop.
No. but. seriously.
don't feel bad.
It's hard being cut off from everyone.
It's really hard.
Yeah.
[sighs]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[line ringing]
Hey. you've reached Grady Bradford.
Leave a message.
[line clicks]
[line ringing]
[Owen on phone] Grady's not here.
He's never missed a meeting
without giving me a heads-up.
[Hannah on phone]
Maybe we should go to his office.
[Owen] We can't go
to the Marshals Service.
[Hannah] You can't. I can.
[Owen] I don't like it. If the Campanos
do have some kind of a mole...
[Hannah] If anything feels off.
I'll leave as quickly as I came.
[Owen] Okay. fine. Just be careful.
Okay.
Go for a drive.
I'll be back in half an hour.
Maybe I'll grab a drink at The Never Dry.
- [sighs] Bailey.
- I know. I'll be careful.
But you too. okay?
[suspenseful music playing]
[secretary] You said you were here
to see Agent Bradford?
Yes.
Is he not in?
Who's asking?
Tell him it's an old friend.
This way. ma'am.
[Hannah] Yeah.
Maybe I'll just come back another time.
Miss Hall. we didn't have the pleasure
the last time you were in Austin.
Maris Anderson. What can I do for you?
Miss Anderson. Grady's mentioned you.
Is Grady here today?
Did Agent Bradford say he would be here?
No. but I need to speak with him.
Well. I'm his boss. How can I help?
Maybe I should go.
Miss Hall.
I'm the US Marshal
for the Western District of Texas.
I'm a sworn officer of the law
and across every case in this office.
If there's something wrong.
I'd like to help.
Is there somewhere
we could speak privately?
[Maris] Better?
Yes. thank you.
Now...
tell me what's going on.
It's about the Campano case.
Which Campano case?
The case Grady is working
with AUSA Fisher?
I know it's on the Q.T.
This is Delia Fisher?
Yes. in the US Attorney's Office. I was
told Grady was keeping you in the loop...
- [phone beeps]
- Rochelle. do you have Grady yet?
[Rochelle] He's not answering his phone.
- Keep trying.
- [phone beeps]
- You're not in the loop. are you?
- Which loop exactly would that be?
I'm just gonna call him.
Miss Hall. I can tell that
you don't entirely trust me.
But the last time I checked.
the FBI was running a few investigations
into the Campanos.
And as far as I know.
Grady wasn't involved in any of them.
So. unless you want me
to start making calls all over town.
I'm gonna need you to sit back down
and start from the beginning.
Conference room.
Now. people!
Shut the door.
When's the last time you talked to Grady?
- I haven't.
- Ed?
No. I... no. Nope.
And he doesn't have you guys
working on anything extracurricular?
I'm not working on anything with him.
- [phone beeps]
- Rochelle?
[Rochelle] Yes. ma'am.
Get me the US Attorney's Office.
I'm sorry to be so cloak-and-dagger.
but we have some real security concerns.
I'm hoping you'll be discreet.
- [phone beeps]
- Delia. I've got Hannah Hall.
Could you tell her what you told me?
Hi. Hannah. This is Delia Fisher
in the US Attorney's Office.
- You're working with Grady?
- Right. So. that's the thing.
Grady and I were discussing a case
against the Campanos.
but it was... it was very much
in the theoretical stage.
What do you mean theoretical?
I mean. he told me
he thought they'd gotten involved
with an international criminal syndicate.
And I told him what proof
I would need to prosecute.
But that's...
that's really as far as it went.
I also told him if this went any further.
I'd have to loop in my boss.
But that was the last I heard from him.
This was how long ago?
I'm not sure. Six weeks ago.
- It was before he went on leave.
- Grady's on leave?
- Thanks. Delia. I'll take it from here.
- When did Grady go on leave?
About a month ago.
I asked him to take some time off.
- Why?
- Personnel matters are confidential.
Please. We are
really counting on him. Please.
[sighs]
- Confidentially...
- Mm-hmm.
...he's had a streak of bad luck.
Deaths in three different cases.
One was a kid.
- [sighs]
- Not his fault. but it hit him hard.
Started taking unnecessary risks.
ignoring procedure.
So. I told him to take some time.
get his head straight.
All of this is new to you?
It is.
Grady was supposed to have
a meeting on our case yesterday.
We haven't heard from him.
He hasn't been answering his phone.
- [phone beeps]
- Ed. could you join us in my office?
[Hannah] You're worried.
[chuckles] Well.
I certainly didn't put him on leave
to run extralegal. off-book ops
on a high-profile target. so...
- Hey. [sighs]
- Let's run a wellness check on Grady.
- And notify Austin PD.
- On it.
[Hannah] I should go too.
I'd rather you stay
until we get a beat on Grady.
- It's safer.
- Then what?
I honestly don't know. [sighs]
But it sure seems like you should consider
a petition to Witness Protection.
No. That's not for... No.
We are not there yet.
You have been on the run
for the last four days
and I'm missing an agent.
I wouldn't be so sure.
What?
Wh-What is it?
- [sighs]
- Hannah.
[Hannah] Let's go.
He's on leave?
Are we really surprised? I mean.
we told you what he was like at the motel.
You spoke to Delia Fisher?
Grady hasn't spoken to her
in over a month.
She said the case is entirely theoretical.
But there's evidence.
Okay. well. she doesn't have it.
But Grady does. Or at least he did.
- I need to go to his house.
- Uh-uh.
They're sending Austin PD
to run a wellness check.
It's all the more reason
why we need to get there before they do.
Okay. we'll all go.
[scoffs] Well. that's an unnecessary risk.
I trusted you. now I...
I'm asking you to trust me.
I've been to his house.
I know the neighborhood.
He's probably right on this one.
Okay. Fine.
Good. And. uh... And you guys lie low.
And if for any reason
you don't feel safe. just get out of town.
I'll know where to find you.
Okay. Don't die. Please.
Not before I force us all
to go to family therapy.
[chuckles] God forbid.
I love you.
[sighs]
He's been gone for five years.
you'd think I'd be okay
with him being away for five minutes.
[sighs] We'll see him soon.
We'll see him soon.
[footsteps approaching]
Miss Hall. can I talk to you?
Grady Bradford sent me.
If I give you the signal.
start the engine.
[breathing heavily]
Can I help you?
Relax. As long as you do what I say.
no one gets hurt.
- [engine starts]
- Okay?
[grunting]
- [associate] That's enough.
- [gasps. panting]
You gonna go quietly now?
- [person] Hey. punk.
- [grunts]
- [exclaims] Oh!
- [person 2] Charlie. I got 'em.
- It's okay.
- [Charlie on phone] Bailey. Hannah?
Are-Are you there?
They're-They're with me.
Hannah? Bailey? Are you all right?
- Charlie? [pants] It's okay.
- Hey...
[door opens]
[Charlie] Bailey!
[both sigh]
- [Charlie] Hannah.
- Hey.
Thank God. I've been so worried.
I tried texting and emailing. but--
Yeah. we've been off e-mail and text.
Are we... Are we okay here?
Yeah. Yes. We've got a ton of security.
How long have you been tailing us?
[Charlie] Since you left LA.
[Hannah] Charlie.
Yeah.
I need you to come with me.
Charlie. what is going on?
Just... Come on.
- Bailey. sweetheart.
- Oh. my God.
Nicholas. what the hell?
- Charlie?
- I couldn't say anything over the phone.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
We just thought it was for the best.
You thought this was for the best?
People have been chasing us
for the last four days.
And someone tried to kill me. Hannah.
Oh.
What?
He collapsed last week leaving Freddy's.
We thought it was his heart. but...
they did a tox scan.
What. you... [sighs] You were poisoned?
We don't know who.
- We know. Pop.
- No. Jesus. Charlie. we don't.
- There's no proof.
- Come on. Dad.
You think this was the Campanos?
It had to have been. And we had
to let them think they succeeded.
so they didn't try to finish the job.
If it was Frank. though...
Well. when he wants someone dead...
[stammers] Why would he want you dead?
You said you were... you were close.
That he'd never hurt you.
that he'd never hurt us. So why--
Well. there was only one issue that
has ever come between Frank and me.
Owen.
[grunts]
[knocks on door]
Grady?
[soccer commentators chatting]
[TV chatter continues]
[Ed] Grady?
Grady?
[sighs]
[knocks on door]
Grady. I need you to come
to the door. Maris sent us.
We've got Austin PD here.
Grady?
Larry. walk around back.
Do a visual inspection. check for
any signs of foul play or forced entry.
You got it.
[Ed] I hear the TV. and his car's here.
[Larry] I see a door open on his balcony.
- [Ed] Does it look like it was forced?
- Yeah. it does.
Okay. we're going in.
- Grady?
- [panting]
Last chance to open up!
[knocking continues]
Oh. no. No. No. no. no.
Grady? Hey.
[Ed] Grady?
Stand back.
When we come in. do not move.
Okay. we're coming in.
Stand back from the door.
All right. guys. Hit it.
[banging]
Owen called me. A year ago.
Said that you weren't safe.
That we had to make a plan.
I told him that we had a plan. that he
should stay away. and I thought he did.
And then a week before this all started.
he calls me again. wanting my help.
Wants me to turn against Frank.
Frank couldn't have known that. could he?
[Nicholas] Frank's people
are sophisticated.
especially when it comes
to protecting their business.
And if Owen set off alarm bells.
they'd be hunting him.
Watching. Maybe tapping our phones.
Right. And that's why
we had to be so careful.
Sure. sure. But...
But I still don't understand.
Why would Frank come after you?
I'm still not convinced he would.
If Frank thought
he was involved with Owen--
Wouldn't he just call you?
If you two were so close--
We are. but there are some lines...
there are some lines that you don't cross.
Owen just thinks he's so smart.
Thinks he can outwit everybody else
with his reckless bullshit.
Never stopping to consider that
if he'ld just leave well enough alone...
- Just stop.
- ...that we'd all be fine.
- safe in our lives. if he'd just...
- Stop.
- ...stay under his fucking rock!
- Nicholas.
Just stop it already!
How can you blame him?
You're the one who works for these people.
You're the one who brought us
into this mess. He tried to get us out.
Oh. Bailey. look.
I have tried to explain--
Oh. no. I can't...
I can't do this right now.
I'm so glad you're alive. I'm so glad.
But I have had the most awful.
bizarre week and I... I just need to...
Bailey and I have been driving all day.
We need a minute.
Maybe some water and a sandwich. Charlie.
Of course. It's the...
You know where the kitchen is.
She loves you. She really does.
But she's also been lied to
her whole life.
Something to consider.
- [police radio chatter]
- [clamoring]
[officer] No. I can't. I need you
to get back in your house. please.
[shutter clicking]
I mean. I knew he drank.
- But I didn't know he was into that shit.
- He wasn't.
You guys check for egress out the window?
- [sighs]
- [engine starts]
- [Bailey sighs]
- [Hannah] You okay?
Uh. yeah.
[breathes shakily] Yeah.
[crying] No. No. sorry.
Don't apologize.
I'm proud of you
for standing up for yourself.
especially with Nicholas. it isn't easy.
[breathes shakily]
What are we gonna do?
I mean. Frank is... is so ruthless.
He tri-tried to kill his best friend
and if... if this is because of Dad. then...
Yeah. [shushes]
Just take a breath.
[breathes shakily]
[sighs] We're just gonna take it
one thing at a time. okay?
[phone buzzes]
[sighs] Would you pass the naan please?
- What?
- [Charlie] Everything okay?
I'm gonna get some water.
[breathing heavily]
- Come on.
- [line ringing]
Just please pick up. Pick up.
[sighs] Owen. pick up.
[electronic voice] The person you are
trying to reach is unavailable.
Please leave a message after the--
Fuck.
You took all the evidence?
Yeah. yeah.
House is clean.
Any sign of the two women?
Well. not since...
No idea who coldcocked you?
I never saw her before.
Maybe they hired protection.
Word's out to everyone in town.
Hey. our friend in the Marshal's office
is on it too.
If the two women are still in Austin.
we'll find them.
The sooner. the better.
You want me to update Frank?
You don't think
I talk to my own fucking father?
Go do your job.
[crying]
[sighs]
- Are you okay?
- [Hannah] Yeah.
Hey. when is the last time
you saw him? Frank?
Last week.
After the party. we had lunch.
Did he ask you about Owen?
No.
[Hannah] You work for him for 40 years.
go to prison for him...
And then
without so much as a conversation.
he poisons you on a hunch
that you might be in cahoots
with your son-in-law
that he knows you hate.
This is what I've been struggling with.
Frank is ruthless. but--
But something's not adding up.
No. not exactly.
Is there anyone else
who might wanna kill you?
Well... [stammers] ...you have represented
some of the biggest criminals
in the country.
- Yes. and they're in my debt.
- Yeah. so is Frank.
- Well...
- I'm just saying...
[stammers] ...someone should have
a conversation with him.
No. that is too dangerous.
No. if Frank wants me dead.
letting him know I'm alive...
I wasn't suggesting that it'd be you.
Hannah. his men have been
chasing you for days.
I'm not gonna waltz
into the Campano headquarters.
but if we surprise him somewhere alone.
on our territory. Somewhere safe.
You go to Frank. He doesn't come to you.
He came to your birthday party.
Well. it's not like
we can have another one of those.
We can have a memorial.
- Oh. Jesus Christ.
- It was your idea to play dead.
We do something small.
Just here at The Never Dry.
This weekend.
Nothing fancy. with your inner circle.
without drawing attention.
We invite a few cops to be safe.
- Lieutenant Smuts and some prosecutors.
- Yeah. Frank wouldn't see us coming.
We can call it a wake
if it'll make you feel better.
None of this is gonna make me feel better.
Then maybe you should think about
someone other than yourself.
[stammers]
We need to talk to him.
We need to figure out what's going on.
All right. Well. you know what I need?
I need a drink.
- Hey. you want me to fix you--
- I do not.
I can find my own way to the bar.
[Hannah] I love this bar.
I think I love it for the name alone.
But when you add in the history.
- it's pretty cool.
- Are you trying to soften me up?
I would've sent Bailey
if I was trying to do that.
I thought I'd gotten her back for good.
I thought this was all over.
It's all I've been able
to think about the last four days. is...
how to keep her safe.
[Hannah] Yes. please.
[Nicholas] It's what I do.
I take care of things.
But this...
But this. I don't have a single idea.
Other than taking out my shotgun.
hunting down Owen. and. uh...
Mmm...
That's not the answer. [clears throat]
Says his wife.
He's not high on my list either right now.
But he's her father and she needs him.
Safe and alive.
Preferably part of her life.
You know that last one isn't possible.
It's definitely not possible
if we don't talk to Frank.
You gonna ask him if he killed me?
Not in so many words. no.
But I am pretty good at reading people.
And I am pretty good at convincing people
to be their most reasonable selves.
[inhales deeply]
[Bailey] You convinced him?
Looks that way.
What if Frank is behind this? [stammers]
What are you gonna say to him?
[Hannah] I don't know.
But we need this to stop
before someone else gets hurt.
[sighs]
Grady's dead.
What?
Oh. my God.
Does Dad know?
[stammers] Because if they find him--
- They are not gonna find him.
- But if they...
[breathes shakily] God.
if they killed Grady... [stammers]
If Grandpa's right a-and
this is because of what Dad was doing--
Then I'm gonna make it clear to Frank that
you and I had nothing to do with this.
that your dad was just trying
to protect us.
And that if Frank guarantees our safety.
he'll stop.
And we can go back to the way things were.
We can't risk him coming here.
Is... [scoffs]
So that's
our best case scenario. isn't it?
No. No. it isn't.
But unless
we can stop running and breathe.
we're never gonna figure the rest out.
Get packed. We're staying
at the Sanctuary for a few days.
[crickets chirping]
[Charlie] Bailey.
I thought I heard someone in here.
My mom took these. didn't she?
Oh. yeah.
Man. I loved these.
[sighs] She had a real eye.
Where'd you find them?
In the back of that frame.
Yeah. [chuckles]
My dad never got how cool they were.
You should take them.
Really?
He won't notice.
How you doing?
All this history and anger. I. um...
So weird. 'cause it kind of has
nothing to do with me. But. um...
I'm so caught up in it.
[Charlie] Yeah.
It's kind of amazing you haven't
cut us all off and run away to Scotland.
[Bailey chuckles]
I'd pick somewhere
way further than Scotland.
[chuckles]
[Charlie] She'd be proud of you.
She'd be upset
at what you've had to go through.
But
she'd be really proud.
Austin PD says
they're not going to investigate.
They're ruling it
an accidental overdose. but--
- Yeah. I know.
- [Rochelle] Hey.
I've got an Owen Michaels
who wants to talk to you.
Maris Anderson.
[on phone]
Grady's death wasn't an accident.
Is this Ethan Young?
Listen to me.
you guys need to look into this.
You're in a position
to be telling me how to do my job?
- Have you been to his storage unit?
- Excuse me?
Grady had a storage unit in San Marcos.
They cleaned it out. Left his badge.
You should send a forensic team over.
You need an address?
I know the place. I'll get a warrant.
Go.
- [phone clicks]
- I got it covered.
Well. if you had it covered.
you would've already been there.
I'm guessing you pulled Grady into
this little side pocket investigation.
So I don't really feel like
you should be placing blame at our feet.
But if you sincerely wanna help. maybe
you should come down and talk to us.
I've got some questions.
Yeah. that's not gonna happen.
Would you rather
I send a homicide detective your way?
I had nothing to do with this.
you know that.
- Do I?
- Grady didn't OD. he was killed!
- Just go to the storage center.
- [phone clacks]
[device beeping]
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
[Nicholas] Seth is on alert.
There's security in the bar.
And you get ten minutes.
We meet you at the back door.
we get you both out--
Nicholas.
We've been through this twice now.
We're good.
Guests are starting to arrive.
Be careful. will you?
You're starting to sound like me.
She is something.
She's the best.
Look. you. um...
You should know that I-I-I...
I had no intention...
I mean. I feel badly
that you. well--
Are you trying to apologize?
I just. I didn't... [sighs]
I didn't know that
you would take it so hard.
[Bailey] It's okay.
Really. it's...
[inhales sharply]
[clicks tongue] Just. uh...
try not to do it again.
[Teddy] You sure this is a good idea?
I'll be fine. But you seem a little antsy.
I'm good. Pop.
I'm good.
And you've got enough on your mind.
You want me to come inside?
He was my friend.
not yours.
[door opens]
[people chattering]
["Down There By The Train" playing]
Thanks for coming. guys.
Lieutenant. thanks for coming
on such short notice.
Frank.
Charlie.
I'm sorry.
I should've reached out.
Hit me pretty hard.
[Charlie] It hit all of us pretty hard.
Frank. do you know. um...
Hannah Hall.
Hannah's family. Frank. She was Owen's...
Um. I mean. Ethan's...
I know who she is.
[sighs]
We need to get you out of here.
- He makes one call to Teddy--
- No. He won't.
- Hannah.
- He won't.
I need to try. Charlie. please.
Okay.
All right. Ten minutes.
[Bailey] He's here?
Yeah.
Ten minutes.
[Bailey] What's Frank like?
I-I met Quinn. I... [sighs] I liked her.
He can't be all bad.
Nobody's all bad.
Okay. so... What's he like?
Well. he's quick.
Explain something to him once.
he's got it.
Didn't go to college.
But he's as bright as anybody I ever met.
He's got a wicked sense of humor.
He sounds fun. [chuckles]
Most dangerous people.
they are.
["Down There By The Train"
continues playing]
Mind if I sit?
Nicholas was family.
Yeah. we were family too.
[scoffs]
No offense.
hardly the same.
I knew Nicky for 40 years.
- Our kids grew up together.
- Mmm.
Thick as thieves.
Until they weren't.
[chuckles]
Miss Hall. what are you trying to say?
Come on. spit it out. Come on.
Mr. Campano.
we need to talk about my situation.
mine and Bailey's.
I've just lost a friend.
And I am...
not interested in negotiating
at this time.
[sighs] I'm not interested
in negotiating either.
But ever since Nicholas was killed...
- What did you say?
- ...Bailey and I have been on the run.
Did you say...
Did you say Nicholas was killed?
What exactly are you playing at?
I'm not playing at anything.
Nicholas was poisoned.
Everything okay over here?
[Frank] No. it's fucking not.
She's saying someone killed your father.
It's true. Frank.
[sighs]
There was poison on the toxicology report.
[Frank] I want to see that report.
find out who did it.
And when I find them.
I'll rip their fucking throat out.
He said that?
He... He wasn't faking it. Pop.
- All right. Well. I need to talk to him.
- Grandpa--
No. If Frank didn't do this.
we need to figure out who the hell did.
Get him up here.
- [buttons click]
- [line ringing]
[phone ringing]
- This is Charlie.
- It's Ethan.
What the fuck is happening?
Are they there?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
We are closed for a private family event.
- [phone beeps]
- [sighs]
How could you think
I would do such a thing to you?
I didn't want to. But who else would have
the motive. or the guts?
If I thought you were helping Ethan.
I'd have paid you a visit.
Not sent a fucking assassin.
Jesus. Nicky. who do you think I am?
Maybe the guy
who went after his granddaughter
as soon as he was out of the picture.
Teddy said Ethan's been after us
for months.
- We had a deal.
- We had a deal when you were alive.
And when you weren't.
Teddy said we had a problem.
So Teddy was driving this?
I make the decisions.
But Teddy runs your day-to-day.
If he wanted to go after Owen.
and Nicholas was in the way--
No one in my employ would lift a finger
without my say so.
[Nicholas] Oh. come on. Frank.
You know that
Teddy's always had a mind of his own.
Yeah. I'm done here.
Is he wrong. Mr. Campano?
What the fuck is this?
Huh. Nicky?
Did Ethan get to you?
No. Ethan called me.
[Frank] Why?
[Nicholas] Ranting and raving.
I told him to stop it.
I haven't seen him in 18 years.
And if I had. I would've
turned him in to you personally.
Then we're in agreement.
and he's still a dead man.
- [Nicholas] All right. fine.
- [gasps]
Fine.
But you and Teddy. you need
to leave the rest of my family alone.
I would never touch your granddaughter.
This one. I can't make any promises.
And you will stay dead.
so they don't try to finish the job.
[door closes]
You were in there for a while.
It's a lot to digest.
Is everything okay?
Get me the fuck outta here. Teddy.
Nicholas. why?
Why would you promise him Owen?
I don't know why you're upset.
He guaranteed your safety.
He didn't guarantee Hannah's safety.
That's just him talking. I know Frank.
[Hannah] Twelve hours ago.
you thought maybe he tried to kill you.
And now you two are
on the same wavelength?
All right. you're upset about Owen.
I understand.
But that was the only deal to be made.
[door opens. creaks]
- [bodyguard] Gun!
- [Hannah] Owen!
[Bailey] Leave him alone!
- Get the fuck away from me!
- [Bailey] Stop! Stop it!
- [grunting]
- [pants]
[breathing heavily]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm